Add a timer plugin (#652)
pdidev/pdi: CMakeLists.txt

option(BUILD_TRACE_PLUGIN       "Build Trace plugin" ON)
option(BUILD_USER_CODE_PLUGIN   "Build User-code plugin" ON)
option(BUILD_JSON_PLUGIN        "Build JSON plugin" OFF)
option(BUILD_TIMER_PLUGIN       "Build Timer plugin" ON)
option(ENABLE_BENCHMARKING      "Activate benchmarks in the test suite" OFF)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> option(BUILD_TRACE_PLUGIN       "Build Trace plugin" ON)
> option(BUILD_USER_CODE_PLUGIN   "Build User-code plugin" ON)
> option(BUILD_JSON_PLUGIN        "Build JSON plugin" OFF)
> option(BUILD_TIMER_PLUGIN       "Build Timer plugin" ON)
> option(ENABLE_BENCHMARKING      "Activate benchmarks in the test suite" OFF)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
option(BUILD_HDF5_PARALLEL      "Build Decl'HDF5 in parallel mode" ON)
option(BUILD_JSON_PLUGIN        "Build JSON plugin" OFF)
option(BUILD_MPI_PLUGIN         "Build MPI plug-in" ON)
option(BUILD_NETCDF_PARALLEL    "Build Decl'NetCDF in parallel mode" ON)
option(BUILD_PYCALL_PLUGIN      "Build Pycall plug-in" "${BUILD_UNSTABLE}")
option(BUILD_PYTHON             "Build with Python support" "${BUILD_UNSTABLE}")
option(BUILD_SET_VALUE_PLUGIN   "Build Set_value plug-in" ON)
option(BUILD_SERIALIZE_PLUGIN   "Build Serialize plug-in" ON)
option(BUILD_SHARED_LIBS        "Build shared libraries rather than static ones" ON)
option(BUILD_TIMER_PLUGIN       "Build Timer plugin" ON)
option(BUILD_TRACE_PLUGIN       "Build Trace plugin" ON)
option(BUILD_USER_CODE_PLUGIN   "Build User-code plugin" ON)
option(ENABLE_BENCHMARKING      "Activate benchmarks in the test suite" OFF)
```

option(BUILD_TRACE_PLUGIN       "Build Trace plugin" ON)
option(BUILD_USER_CODE_PLUGIN   "Build User-code plugin" ON)
option(BUILD_JSON_PLUGIN        "Build JSON plugin" OFF)

> option(WITH_TIMER_REPORT        "Enable timer" ON)

Reviewer: Don't think you need it

## HDF5

if("${BUILD_DECL_HDF5_PLUGIN}" OR "${BUILD_DECL_NETCDF_PLUGIN}")

> 	set(HDF5_CMAKE_CACHE_ARGS)

Reviewer: Why?

Author: It was some local changes that I forgot to clean properly.

	ENABLE_BUILD_FLAG BUILD_JSON_PLUGIN
	SOURCE_DIR "${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/plugins/json"
	DEPENDS PDI JSON

> 	SUBSTEPS test

Reviewer 2: Why indent is removed?

Author: indent is included by the CI

	INSTALL_COMMAND ""
	SUBSTEPS test
)

sbuild_add_module(TIMER_PLUGIN
	ENABLE_BUILD_FLAG BUILD_TIMER_PLUGIN
	SOURCE_DIR "${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/plugins/timer"
	DEPENDS PDI

> 	# SUBSTEPS indent test

Reviewer 3: No substeps ?
